
1) What was the first thing you paid attention to when interacting with the experience?
The first thing that I paid attention to was the ‘cutout’ of the man that swept the screen as you scrolled down. This interactive animation instantly caught my eye and as the viewer, it allowed me to form a correlation between the name of the website with the contents of the page. In a broader sense, all the animations on the page caught my attention first as opposed to the text, and these animations and images were able to underscore the important topics. 
2) Spend two minutes with the experience and create a list of each of your discrete actions.
Upon clicking on the link and entering the website, I spent 2 minutes engaging with the website and here are a list of my discrete actions:
Clicking on the website link
Reading the title of the page, ‘ The man whose work we don’t notice’
Reading the subheading underneath the title, ‘The importance of the janitorial profession for each of us’
Scrolling down and observing the animation of the cut out man sweeping away the rubbish on the screen
Continuing to scroll down the page and viewing the entertaining animations
Reading the quotes that pop up on the page
Scrolling down the website and changing the animations through this motion, thus rearranging the graphics on the site
Noticing the green outlines on the images
Clicking on the interactive parts of the webpage 
Clicking on the included links to the designer’s social medias
Scrolling back up to the top to interact with the quicklinks
3) What part of the experience did you spend the most time engaging with?
I spent the most time engaging with all the animations on the webpage. Although as the viewer, triggering the animations by scrolling down is a guarantee in the website, it was still interesting and unexpected, resulting in me scrolling up and down to trigger the animations again and again, specifically the very first one of the man sweeping away the rubbish. By engaging with this feature of the website, I was able to further discover and explore new links and pieces of information (text) that were previously overshadowed by the animations they were accompanying. 
4) What was the most common action in your two minute interaction with the experience?
The most common action in my two minute interaction, as stated in question 3, was the action of scrolling up and down. Although this was the only way to move through the webpage, by giving the viewer the option to rewind the animation, a false illusion of control was elicited, which further boosted the viewer’s interest in further engaging with the website. 

5) What is your impression of the intended primary goal of the interactive experience?
The intended goal of the interactive experience was to shed light on how we as a society currently treat individuals in working professions, raising awareness on the importance of their role in society and underscoring the respect that they deserve. Through a simple website with fun animation, the site did not overwhelm viewers with too much information, thus achieving this goal.

6) How does the interactive experience communicate this primary goal?
This was communicated through quirky and innovative animations, drawing the audience in so that they could take their time while reading the facts provided, instead of simply just scanning through the text. This easy to navigate website, with a simple scroll motion to explore the site, allowed a smooth and entertaining learning experience that reminded users to treat those in working professions with respect, and not take them for granted. The pieces of text scattered among the animations were really highlighted when the viewers’ attention were drawn first to the interactivity of the site, and then to these crucial facts that were revealed alongside these animations. 

7) What is your impression of how the experience should be interacted with over time? (For how long and how many different times)
This site was designed for short term engagement. As stated in the site, this webpage was created as a project for a school course, and thus would not be updated to keep up with current stories and news regarding the topic. Despite it communicating an important message for society, the likelihood of viewers revisiting the site is slim. This is also because although a significant topic was highlighted in the website, the amount of text and therefore information was kept to a minimum, so viewers would have to research elsewhere to delve deeper into this. 

8) How does the interactive experience communicate how it should be interacted with over time?
This website has some helpful quicklinks at the top of the page, that allows users to skip to different parts of the site in an efficient manner. Furthermore, the interactive animations draw the audience in, and allows for more engagement with the content. All of this encourages viewers to revisit the site when needed, however, as the animations and general content in the site will stay the same, the website was not designed for frequent revisits. 
9) What other media forms (digital or otherwise) does the experience reference?
The experience references film, traditional art, comedy and photography. By dispersing these elements throughout the film, the site achieves a multimedia communication design that is able to connect with a wider audience and invoke a sense of familiarity and inclusiveness. 
The site reminds me of the media found in scrapbooking such as printed out pictures with torn edges, and little hand drawn doodles surrounding the edges of the ‘page’. Furthermore, the colour choice elicits a sense of stability, with the deep blue, and the neon green was utilised to highlight the important features of the site. This draws inspiration from physical notebooks which gives the site a nostalgic and innocent feel. 
References made to today’s society, such as the flyers with notes that you can tear off, evokes memories of the streets of the city, which reminds us as an audience of the streets that we walk through in our daily life. We are taking our clean surroundings for granted, as there are always workers cleaning up after the general public. 
The cutout silhouette of a man with a broom reminds me of the transparent background we see on our computers. By drawing inspiration through technology, the grid in which most transparent backgrounds have, further highlights the fact that these workers just fade into the background performing a ‘thankless’ job, which shouldn’t be the case. 

10) What does this reference/s communicate to you about how you should act when engaging with your research experience?
The child-like presentation of the site encourages viewers to interact with the interactive animations on the site - almost like a game. Visitors of the site might feel more relaxed and at ease, approaching the site with a childlike playfulness and curiosity. Like a scrapbook, users can peruse the site at a leisurely pace. 

11) What does this reference/s communicate to you about how you should feel when engaging with your research experience?
The relaxed and comforting references in the site influence users to relax whilst scrolling through the site. This almost scrapbook-like aesthetic with a mix of modern and traditional elements creates a sense of detachment from reality, which might encourage users to view the content with an open and playful mind. Furthermore, the more traditional photographs and artworks convey a sense of nostalgia too. This may help readers to slow down to process the information properly, rather than speeding through the website like one might do in their daily life. 

12) What is the most frustrating part of the interaction to you and what makes that part frustrating?
The most frustrating part of the interaction is how long it is to scroll down, and how long it takes to scroll all the way up again. Although there are quicklinks at the top of the page, they quickly disappear when you make your way down the site, and can only be found again upon scrolling back up to the top. For someone who may be a little impatient, this site may cause frustration. 

13) What is the most satisfying part of the interaction to you and what makes that part satisfying?
The most satisfying part would have to be the first animated ‘man with a broom.’ The element of surprise allows this specific animation to have a lasting impression in my brain. This initial surprise is what makes it the most satisfying, as it also clues the viewer into what the rest of the site would be like. 


